Adding best practice for policy generator 2.4 (#4341)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_generator.adoc

The policy generator is a part of the {product-title} application lifecycle subscription GitOps workflow that generates {product-title} policies using Kustomize. The policy generator builds {product-title} policies from Kubernetes manifest YAML files, which are provided through a `PolicyGenerator` manifest YAML file that is used to configure it. The policy generator is implemented as a Kustomize generator plugin. For more information on Kustomize, see the link:https://kustomize.io/[Kustomize documentation]. 

> The latest version of the policy generator is included in the installation. The policy generator version used is v1.4.1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Policy Generator version bundled in this version of RHACM is v1.4.1. 
```

  name: openshift-gitops-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace

>   startingCSV: openshift-gitops-operator.v<version>

Reviewer: I would like the example to be valid without user alteration.
```suggestion
```

  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

> To pin to a specific version of the operator, you can set the `spec.startingCSV` value to `openshift-gitops-operator.v<version>`. Replace `<version>` with your preferred version.

Author: @mprahl since you removed the parameter, is this statement accurate or should it be removed?

Reviewer: Yes, I think it still applies. Perhaps you can change the word `set` to `add` instead?
